So if you come across a question at the exam
that is asking you how to protect your VPC overall
then you can use the AWS Network firewall service.
So the idea is that the network firewall is going to
protect your entire VPC all at once
from layer three to layer seven protection in any direction.
So you can inspect any traffic
from any your VPC and out of your VPC
from outbound to the internet, from inbound to the internet
to and from your direct connect and site to site VPN.
So pretty much all traffic represented here such as
Peered VPC or Direct Connect
or internet can be protected from network firewall.
And this is a much better protection mechanism
than using, for example, network SCLs
which operate at the subject level.
This operates at the VPC level.
Okay, so that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.